Manual Test Instruction for Copy to Clipboard and Paste:

US7: Copy to Clipboard and Paste

Scenario: Copy the text to the clipboard and paste
    Given = Helen’s question and answer is shown on the main screen 
    When = Helen drags her cursor over the questions and right click copies (or Ctrl+C)
    Then = all the text should be copied to the clipboard
    When = Helen right click pastes (or Ctrl+V)
    Then = all the text she copied should be pasted to the new location

Preview: It should be able to copy the whole question and/or answer to the clipboard and paste it to a different location

1.	Open the application
2.	Click on the question and answer you want to copy
3.  Drag your cursor over the question and answer
4.	Right click and select copy
5.	Open a new word document
6.	Right click and select paste
7.	Verify that the question and answer is pasted to the new word document

EX. In the mainscrean of the application, click on the question and answer you want to copy.
      Asked question : "Where is Ireland" 
      Answer to the question : "Ireland is an island located off the northwest coast of mainland Europe, in the British 
                                Isles and is part of the United Kingdom. It is divided into the Republic of Ireland, which 
                                covers about five-sixths of the island, and Northern Ireland, a part of the United Kingdom, 
                                which covers the remaining part."

    Right click to copy the question and answer.
      Paste the question and answer : Where is Ireland?

                                      Ireland is an island located off the northwest coast of mainland Europe, in the British 
                                      Isles and is part of the United Kingdom. It is divided into the Republic of Ireland, which 
                                      covers about five-sixths of the island, and Northern Ireland, a part of the United Kingdom, 
                                      which covers the remaining part.

    Verified that the question and answer is pasted to a new space.

                      
    
