Where is Slovakia?
Slovakia is located in Central Europe, between Austria to the west, Ukraine to the east, the Czech Republic to the north, Poland to the north, and Hungary to the south.
Where is Slovenia?
Slovenia is located in Central Europe, bordered by Austria, Croatia, Italy, and Hungary. It covers an area of 20,273 square kilometers and its capital city is Ljubljana.
What is the weather for tomorrow?
The weather for tomorrow depends on your location.
Where is Germany?
Germany is located in Central Europe bordered by Poland to the east, the Czech Republic to the southeast, Austria to the south, Switzerland to the south-west, France, Luxembourg, and Belgium lie to the west, and the Netherlands to the northwest.
Where is Switzerland?
Switzerland is located in Central Europe. It is bordered by France to the west, Italy to the south, Austria and Liechtenstein to the east, and Germany to the north.
Where is Italy?
Italy is located in Southern Europe, and is bordered by France, Switzerland, Austria, and Slovenia. It is also a member of the Schengen Area and the European Union.
Where is Portugal?
Portugal is an European country located in the western Iberian Peninsula bordered by Spain in the east and the Atlantic Ocean in the west. It is located South of Galicia, Spain and North of Lisbon, Portugal.
Where is Ireland?
Ireland is an island located off the northwest coast of mainland Europe, in the British Isles and is part of the United Kingdom. It is divided into the Republic of Ireland, which covers about five-sixths of the island, and Northern Ireland, a part of the United Kingdom, which covers the remaining part.
Where is England?
England is a country located in Western Europe, and it is part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. It is bordered by Scotland to the north, Wales to the west, and the Irish Sea to the west and north west, and is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea in the east.
Where is France?
France is located in Western Europe. Its capital, Paris, lies on the river Seine. It is bordered by Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Monaco, Andorra, and Spain.
Where is Denmark?
Denmark is located in Northern Europe, on the Jutland Peninsula and nearby islands bordering Germany to the south and the Baltic Sea to the east.
Where is Sweden?
Sweden is located in Northern Europe, on the Scandinavian Peninsula. It borders Norway to the west and Finland to the east, and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Øresund.
Where is Norway?
Norway is located in Northern Europe and flanked by Sweden, Finland and Russia, with the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean to the west and north, respectively. It is the westernmost, northernmost and easternmost part of mainland Europe.
What is 1 plus 1?
1 plus 1 is 2.
what is the time.
It is 4:39 PM.
What is the largest city in the United States?
The largest city in the United States is New York City, which is home to over 8 million people.
